the world is facing an unprecedented
challenge as far as a concern it throws
away 1.3 billion times a year and there
are currently seven billion tires in
landfills around the world the fact that
the d-link technology can create a
product like green rubber from waste
tires is is an incredible it's an
incredible thing it allows for waste
tires to be recycled into a compound at
a lower cost than existing virgin
compound new compound to be made back
into virtually any kind of product I
mean we know it works on truck tire
treads so it's an tires proudly it's in
Timberland shoes and many many other
products so I see its application going
far and wide and very quickly and I
think that's the way it should be green
rob has a brand it's something that we
want everyone to feel proud of to be
associated with to be proud of using in
their products to be proud of buying a
product which has three rubber inside
and that's critical to ISM and that's
the power of the brand and that's why
we're gonna keep pushing our brand
forward Petra through green rubber
global through green rubber global is
committed to investing at least another
50 million dollars over the next 12 to
18 months in getting factories up as
quickly as possible in Europe in
Malaysia further one in Malaysia in the
Middle East in South America and we're
gonna try roll these out as quickly and
as effectively as possible the challenge
here now is to ensure that there is
enough green rubber to supply a growing
demand
our cup this policy has been you know
our tagline is solutions to humanity and
it's not a throwaway line it's what we
believe in it's what we are about it
comes from the vision and the dreams my
father's had and what he said with me
I'm just incredibly proud to be the son
that's been able to take this dream of
my father's and and move it forward
commercial we have to keep innovating
we have to keep coming up with ways in
which solutions can have a global impact
and therefore to have a global impact it
needs to be commercial we've taken this
this dream of my father's invention of
dealing we've now grown it into green
rubber and it's amazing to see the
impact this technology is having in this
industry tetras holdings in green rubble
to the majority stake in green rubber is
owned by the foundation and the
Foundation's role is to help as many
people as possible especially children
and to play a role a positive role in
improving the environment we live in so
green wrapper is is going to impact
lives not just with its product but
where the profits it makes from selling
its product and that's something else
I'm incredibly proud of and it's a model
I want to share with many people as
possible